# CrazyXFruit Privacy Policy

Terms of Service The following are the terms of use of 兼职宝 (hereafter referred to as these Terms):
* 1. Cognition and Acceptance Terms These Terms and Conditions are provided in accordance with these Terms of Service to provide personalized printing services (hereinafter referred to as “the Service”). By using the Service, you indicate that you have read, understood and agreed to accept all of the Terms of Service. These Terms and Conditions have the right to modify or change the contents of these Terms of Service at any time. We encourage you to keep your attention to such modifications or changes at any time. Your continued use of the Service after any modification or modification means that you have read, understood and agreed to accept such services. Modify or change. If you do not agree to the content of these Terms of Service, or if you belong to a country or territory that excludes all or part of the Terms of Service, you should stop using the Service immediately. You should be a natural person, legal person or other organization with full civil rights and full civil capacity. If you do not have the above qualifications, you and your guardian shall bear all the consequences resulting from this, and this clause has the right to recover from your guardian.
* 2. Your Registration Obligation In order to use the Service and assist in providing the perfect product service, please agree to the following: a. You are required to provide your correct, up-to-date and complete information to you in accordance with the service registration form. Terms are used as customer data management. b. Maintain and update your personal information to ensure it is correct, current and complete. If you provide any errors, inaccuracies or incomplete data, these Terms have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse to use all or part of the Service. c. Agree to the “Dealing Production Contract” in this clause.
* 3. Privacy Policy About your membership registration and other specific data are protected and regulated in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. You understand that when you use the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with the “Privacy Terms” and the use of these Terms and their relationships within the Company.
* 4. Member Account, Password and Security After completing the membership program for this service, you will have a password and account number. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. You also agree to the following: You will immediately notify the Terms if your password or account has been stolen or any other security issue has occurred. If you have caused damage to yourself, these terms or third parties because you have not kept your account and password, you will be fully responsible.
* 5. User’s Obligation and Commitment You promise not to use the Service for any illegal purpose or in any illegal way, and promise to abide by the laws, regulations, public interest, public morals of the People’s Republic of China and not infringe any third party. Legal rights. You agree and warrant that you may not use the Service to engage in any infringement or violation of the law, including but not limited to: making any defamatory, insulting, threatening, offensive, indecent, defamatory, false, public order or good custom or Other illegal texts, pictures or any form of file on this service. a. Infringement of the reputation, portrait, privacy, business secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, other intellectual property rights and other rights of others. b. Violation of confidentiality obligations under the law or contract c. Use the service in the name of others. d. Injury to minors by any means. e. Falsify the source of the information or in any way interfere with the identification of the source of the transmission. f. Interfere with or disrupt the Service or the server or the network that links the Service, or do not comply with the relevant requirements, procedures, policies or rules linked to the Service, etc. g. Provide any substantial support or resources for terrorist actions. h. Tracking other people or other personal information that interferes with others or collects or stores others for the foregoing. i. Others have a valid reason to believe that it is inappropriate.
* 6. System Interruption or Failure The service may sometimes be interrupted or malfunctioned, which may cause inconvenience in your use, data loss, errors, tampering, or other economic loss. You should take precautions when using this service. These Terms and Conditions shall not be liable for any damages resulting from your use (or inability to use) the Service (the finished product resulting from the Software shall be liable under this clause).
* 7. Ordering behavior The user agrees to the ordering behavior, which is based on the electronic transaction data shown in this clause. If there is any dispute, the electronic transaction data will be used as the certification standard.
* 8. Protection of intellectual property: The software or programs used in this clause, all content on the website, including but not limited to designer goods, works, pictures, files, information, data, website architecture, website layout, web design All of these intellectual property rights are owned by these Terms or other rights holders, including but not limited to trademark rights, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how. No one may use, modify, reproduce, publicly broadcast, modify, distribute, distribute, publish, perform a restoration project, decompile, or reversely translate. Respect for intellectual property rights is your obligation. If there is a violation, you should be liable for all damages under this clause.
* 9. Your Authorization of the Terms The User agrees to authorize these Terms and Conditions, and provides the necessary user personal information for the purpose of providing services and awards to the partners (third parties) for proper use within the agreed scope. For the personal data that the user logs in, the user agrees that the terms are collected, processed, stored, transmitted and used within reasonable limits to provide other information or services to the user, or to make user statistics or to conduct network-related information. Investigation or research of conduct, or for any legal use. a. If you have no legal right to authorize others to use, modify, reproduce, publicly broadcast, modify, distribute, distribute, or publicly disclose any data provided, and transfer the foregoing rights to a third party, do not arbitrarily use the data. Upload, transmit, enter or provide to these Terms.
* 10. Service Changes These Terms are reserved at any time and are subject to change at any time without notice or temporarily or permanently cease to provide the Service (or any part thereof). These Terms and Conditions exercise the right to modify or discontinue the Services and are not responsible to you or third parties.
* 11. Refusal or Termination of Your Use You agree that the Terms may be based on its own discretion, including for any reason, including but not limited to a period of non-use, court or government agency order, your own request, the service cannot continue or the service content Termination of your password in case of material changes, unanticipated technical or security factors or problems, fraudulent or illegal acts, non-payment of fees, or other express terms and spirit that you believe has violated these Terms of Service. , the account number (or any part thereof) or the use of the Service, and remove and delete any User Content in the Service. This Agreement may also terminate this Service or any part thereof at any time, with or without notice, in its sole discretion. You agree that the Service provided under any of the Terms of Service may be terminated without prior notice. You acknowledge and agree that this Terms will immediately close or delete your account and all relevant data and files in your account, and terminate the Service. Use. In addition, you agree that this Agreement shall not be liable to you or any third party if the use of the Service is terminated.
* 12. General Terms These Terms of Service apply to the laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China. In the event of a dispute arising out of the use of the Service, you and the Terms agree to submit the dispute to the People’s Court of the defendant’s location. Attached:


